Directions for checking out code
********************************
git clone https://github.com/damouse/Glassroom-Server.git #clone github repo
cd Glassroom-Server                   # switch to repo directory
git pull origin 20140327_iteration_1  # pulling the code for iteration one


Directions for running app on local (Assumes ruby on rails is installed and in Glassroom-Server directory)
***********************************
bundle install  # installs the gems we are using
rails server    # starts the rails server located at localhost:3000
Go to localhost:3000

App is also accessible on Heroku at http://glassroom.herokuapp.com/


= Glassroom Server
The rails backend. It may get too bulky moving both around, especially if commits get moved around. 

Master contains last stable version.

Development contains new features. Please do not merge with master without consensus.

Do not push unstable builds. Do not work on the develop branch, branch changes and merge into dev.

The server is up and running in Heroku. Credentials and URL are posted in the "Notes" document within the Google Drive folder "Glassroom." Since this is now its own repository, it will be pushed directly to Heroku 

==Instructions on Pushing to Heroku
- install heroku
- <tt>$ heroku login</tt>
- Use "mickey.barboi@gmail.com" and "glassroom1"
- <tt>$ git remote -v</tt> to check for presence of remotes (not sure if they transfer with the repo)
- <tt>$ git remote add heroku git@heroku.com:shrouded-brushlands-8184.git</tt>
- <tt>$ git push heroku master</tt> takes a while
- <tt>$ heroku run rake db:migrate</tt>  if you've made changes to database, i.e. created any migrations

Run <tt>$ heroku logs</tt> to see the rails output of the site.

Note: if you've changed items in the asset pipeline (anything in app/assets; js, css, or images) you may need to precompile the assets. Look up the command. 

Note: if you're logging in the first time on Heroku, you'll have to set up SSH keys. I believe it should automate the process if you have no SSH keys set up, else you'll have to upload an existing one through the web interface and assign it locally. Google. 
